Hi again! Now that you have
some idea of what to expect
from the program as a whole,
let's discuss more about
what you'll learn
in this course.
This course will
introduce you to
the world of security
and how it's used
to protect business
operations, users, and devices, so
you can contribute
to the creation
of a safer internet for all.
In this section, we'll
cover foundational
security concepts.
First, we'll define security.
Then, we'll explore
common job responsibilities
of security analysts.
Building on that, we'll cover
core skills a security
analyst may have.
Finally, we'll
discuss the value of
security for protecting
organizations and people.
Later on, we'll cover
eight security domains.
Then, we'll cover common security
frameworks and controls.
Finally, we'll wrap up
the course by
discussing common tools
and programming languages that
entry-level security
analysts may use.
Coming up, we'll go over
some resources that
will allow you to get the
most out of this program.
I'm really excited
for you to start
this journey--let's begin!